I hate it here what do you mean grab
your bags we're going what are you
talking about I'm sick of this dude dude
dumpy town dumpy tell that it's time we
take life by the horns and go somewhere
that we can raise our beautiful family
we're the center of it all the greatest
city in the world where are we going
honey
muck what's going on boys welcome back
to city skyline it's been a minute it's
actually been quite a few seconds since
we've uh since we've grace city skylines
with our presence and actually this
one's a bit of a special one because
we're actually sponsored to play the
game this time paradox interactive who's
the publisher of this game reached out
to me and they're like chill out we saw
we saw the one where you burn to say to
the ground and left absolutely no
survivors we saw the one where you you
you've dumped sewage into the water
supply but we're back we're back in the
game and we're playing with the the new
sunset Harbor DLC that's coming out
today it's available right now on PC
Xbox and ps4 and also the games free the
base game is free to play on Steam this
weekend so check it out links in the
description and let's get started no I'm
not I'm not going to to make a joke
about how these rocks are shaped I'm
just not going to do it
I'm not going to it's not you're not
going to get it out of me today
looks like we got a factory I don't
exactly know what it used to be and you
know what in fact I I don't even really
seem to care so that's coming down at
Maron thanks for the amazing work you
have done for our city no problem we'll
say it intersects right there perfect
alright so let's start by making some
residential areas I usually go with like
you know one lane roads I don't
necessarily see them right here I get
lost in these menus sometimes is it okay
so let's start by making a toll booth oh
that was really expensive Wow
that costs $12,000 I'd say you know we
could raise the taxes but nobody
actually lives here so the only thing
that's going up is the inflation rate
nice waterfront residences
I have blown through half of my reserves
already and all I have to show for it
are a few roads and a toll booth that is
that's just sitting there it's just
marinating this is gonna be the Power
Island this is power Island right here
now you're probably thinking yourself
flat like what are you doing big guy why
are you going around putting power
plants on islands and polluting your
people's homes it's unhealthy probably
gonna end up in a lawsuit into that I
say I you know like I really don't give
a [__]
alright well suck up water here and
we'll spit it out over here we'll throw
it right there that looks adequate and
this is all we really need to do we've
got five thousand dollars left
oh geez this is going to this is gonna
get bad and it's gonna get bad quickly
oh no dude I'm in the red already every
single [__] time what does this say
what is this saying not enough fuel I
mean not enough Oh
oh my god wow what a [__] power plant
on an island was a good idea where's the
coal gonna come from this guy's this guy
I call this guy t-money he's gonna know
how to fix this
[Music]
hey hey my city is absolutely in
shambles mm-hmm
oh my god what why are you laughing you
have a road that goes nowhere there's a
long story that and I'll give you the
Cliff's Notes basically I wanted to
charge people to live in the town and I
realized that the road cost twelve
thousand dollars to build
I'm just saving it for later because it
was like half of all the money I had and
now if you look at the bottom negative
one thousand dollars this is what I've
called power Island trash when I tell
you that that this was the biggest
mistake of my life I really am not lying
to you because the coal power plant is
completely out of coal because it's on
an island where is it gonna get coal
that's you know that is an absolutely
lucid question maybe could take the toll
road and get some coal Road look they
added a parking meter
I just got it connected to the toilet to
the toll road oh oh here we go here we
go it's gonna get stopped all he's gonna
pay for it I can't believe that we're
we're making the coal delivery trucks
pay to deliver the coal but I see
another problem Travis this is a one-way
toll road it is it's too close
now that city management they call me el
Presidente well we need to name our
village I'm thinking power themed the
power house that's actually a really
good idea Travis but you know I'm taking
a nice good look at this place and you
know what it reminds me a lot of
Pittsburgh power island you will be your
own district my friend oh you love to
see it
if you district the water just like muck
muck that's the city I would want to
live in though where's that a sarcastic
comment
no come here is that sarcasm you tell no
you don't want to live in you don't want
to live in my my I just told you don't
want to live in it I want to live I
don't want to live in muck welcome to
what I think it only is appropriate that
you rename the bridges going to power
island so they're more like woodland
bridge Oh match power Island no it
doesn't make any sense
power bridge it's a bird it's a seagull
it's a seagull why for a power power
bird Pittsburgh is looking better than
it's ever looked
and that's that's so many burgers
looking better than it's ever looked
baby it's never been better
it's supposed to be outside while this
is happening at Daily News hashtag
Industrial hashtag waste found in the
hashtag soil what are you thinking what
do you think what happened to Heather
you moved into a place called muck when
you moved into muck there we go what a
tiny town baby down tiny town
we got fishing industry Oh know anything
about it
Siobhan Morgan says the long arm of the
law reaches the city I feel safer
already hashtag I am the law good thing
I'm not Brian doing this city up as a
good reference yeah we can make a
fishing harbour for $8,000 fishing
harbour sends out low capacity fishing
boats that can catch all types of fish
with a moderate catch rate oh nice
we're fishing we're fishing we are
connected to the toll road
it looks like the conditions for fishing
seem pretty optimal over here looks like
you could catch some anchovy and some
salmon maybe some shellfish in this
month Huna on the other paw over here it
looks like you might be able to catch
some chlamydia
there they go baby fishing boat fish
floating 1% fish that means they've
gotten at least one fish thank you for
the help t-money mm-hmm and I think I
could take it from here yeah all right I
think I know what I'm doing I think I
have a decent grasp how this actually
works now so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna make another fishing area in this
secondary lake over here hey there we go
it's actually filling up very very
confused why that didn't happen at our
Island
[Music]
so that does that see
it does it does say power island that's
that's power island Wow it's guys what
happened our plants well this is
basically just basically where the power
comes from that's a new Buddhist thing
I've ever heard
what that's there's a power bridge you
name that we're our islets our atom
power bridge what's not to love and it's
not to love flat I don't think this
Pittsburgh you all right that was just
funny that was just that's just funny
I'm speechless you're speechless
why are you speechless all right well
tell me how I could fix it not have a
power island already [__] yourself no I
thought I just I thought I was doing
fine
[Music]
[Applause]
you